Security-Iap-Sample readme: adding and adjustment to readme after running sample. (#896)
GoogleCloudPlatform/spring-cloud-gcp: spring-cloud-gcp-samples/spring-cloud-gcp-security-iap-sample/README.adoc

2. Have the https://cloud.google.com/sdk/[Google Cloud SDK] installed, initialized and logged in with https://developers.google.com/identity/protocols/application-default-credentials[application default credentials] (you can run the sample locally without logging in, but you'll need the credentials to deploy).
3. Run `$ mvn clean install` from the root directory of the project.

== Deploying the Sample to AppEngine Standard

The following Maven target will deploy this application to the root of your AppEngine Standard instance:
----
$ mvn clean package appengine:deploy -Dapp.deploy.projectId=$PROJECT_ID -Dapp.deploy.version=$VERSION
----
After deployed, follow steps link:https://cloud.google.com/iap/docs/app-engine-quickstart#enabling_iap[here] to enable IAP for this AppEngine application. You will also need to link:https://cloud.google.com/iap/docs/managing-access/#add_access[add "IAP-Secured Web App User" role] for user to gain access.

== Running the Sample Locally

In the link:src/main/resources/applications.properties[application.properties] file, you need to specify the value of `spring.cloud.gcp.security.iap.audience` to:

- A dummy value to just test run locally

> - Or, the deployed AppEngine application's audience string to test with JWK token grabbed from deployed application. link:https://cloud.google.com/iap/docs/signed-headers-howto#verifying_the_jwt_payload[This guide] gives direction on how to find your audience string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Or, a real audience string in AppEngine format (`/projects/PROJECT_NUMBER/apps/PROJECT_ID`) to test with JWT token grabbed from application deployed in the previous step. link:https://cloud.google.com/iap/docs/signed-headers-howto#verifying_the_jwt_payload[This guide] explains the token/audience formats.
```

Reviewer: I think if someone wants to figure out the audience format, the documentation page can be confusing. Might as well give that information up front, and give a link for more reading.
